update friend name from ark to velero (#689)
kubicorn/kubicorn: docs/_friends/velero.md

---

> title: Velero

Reviewer: Hrmmm... Hrmm.. this looks funny...

Author: lol

> logo: /img/velero.png

Reviewer: Hi, just checking in. Wondering why this is here...? 🌈🐼

---

> Thanks to the fantastic works from our friends at Heptio, we can easily help you snapshot and recreate your entire `kubernetes` platform using Heptio's [Velero](https://github.com/heptio/velero).

Reviewer: Hi...🦄 So I read your PR... Woah... this old bit again... 🦄

> Thanks to the fantastic works from our friends at Heptio, we can easily help you snapshot and recreate your entire `kubernetes` platform using Heptio's [Velero](https://github.com/heptio/velero).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to the fantastic works from our friends at VMware, we can easily help you snapshot and recreate your entire `kubernetes` platform using [Project Velero](https://github.com/heptio/velero).
```

Author: :)

Author: @detiber done, thanks for the review
